README.md, before:

###  :wave:Hi there, I'm Shenyuan Gao

#### Latent Representation

I was born in the last year of the 20th century (May 17th, 2000). I hope to live until the 22nd century so that my life would span three centuries. The Chinese meanings of each word in my name (高深远) are High, Deep, Far, respectively. Now I am a first-year Ph.D. student at [HKUST](https://hkust.edu.hk/).

#### Multi-Stage Pre-Training

- Ph.D. in Electronic and Computer Engineering, 2022-2026 (expected)
  - Hong Kong University of Science and Technology, advised by Prof. [Jun Zhang](https://eejzhang.people.ust.hk/) (IEEE Fellow)
- B.Eng. in Electronic Information Engineering, 2018-2022
  - Huazhong University of Science and Technology, Advanced Class (GPA 3.9/4.0, ranked 1st)

#### Saved Checkpoints

- AiATrack: Attention in Attention for Transformer Visual Tracking
  - Accepted by ECCV 2022

#### Reached Local Minimas

- [RedBird PhD Scholarship](https://fytgs.hkust.edu.hk/admissions/Admission-to-Hong-Kong-Campus/submitting-an-application/scholarships-and-fees#redbird)
- [Postgraduate Scholarship](https://fytgs.hkust.edu.hk/admissions/Admission-to-Hong-Kong-Campus/submitting-an-application/scholarships-and-fees#pgs)
- Outstanding Graduate
- Outstanding Graduation Thesis
- Outstanding Undergraduate in Terms of Academic Performance
- National Scholarship

#### Region of Interests

- Song: [Childhood Dreams](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kWy-ewDWixs)
- Game: [Total War: THREE KINGDOMS](https://store.steampowered.com/app/779340/Total_War_THREE_KINGDOMS/)
- Comics: [One Piece](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/One_Piece)
- TV Series: [The Advisors Alliance](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Advisors_Alliance)

#### Contact Prompts

- Mail: [sygao@connect.ust.hk](mailto:sygao@connect.ust.hk), [shenyuangao@gmail.com](mailto:shenyuangao@gmail.com)
- WeChat: [gsycm0517](https://gsy00517.github.io/about/index/Wechat.JPG)
- QQ: [917547962](https://gsy00517.github.io/about/index/QQ.JPG)

Commit message:

one paper accepted by CVPR

README.md, after:

###  :wave:Hi there, I'm Shenyuan Gao

#### Latent Representation

I was born in the last year of the 20th century (May 17th, 2000). I hope to live until the 22nd century so that my life would span three centuries. The Chinese meanings of each word in my name (高深远) are High, Deep, Far, respectively. Now I am a first-year Ph.D. student at [HKUST](https://hkust.edu.hk/).

#### Multi-Stage Pre-Training

- Ph.D. in Electronic and Computer Engineering, 2022-2026 (expected)
  - Hong Kong University of Science and Technology, advised by Prof. [Jun Zhang](https://eejzhang.people.ust.hk/) (IEEE Fellow)
- B.Eng. in Electronic Information Engineering, 2018-2022
  - Huazhong University of Science and Technology, Advanced Class (GPA 3.9/4.0, ranked 1st)

#### Saved Checkpoints

- Generalized Relation Modeling for Transformer Tracking
  - Accepted by CVPR 2023

- AiATrack: Attention in Attention for Transformer Visual Tracking
  - Accepted by ECCV 2022

#### Reached Local Minimas

- [RedBird PhD Scholarship](https://fytgs.hkust.edu.hk/admissions/Admission-to-Hong-Kong-Campus/submitting-an-application/scholarships-and-fees#redbird)
- [Postgraduate Scholarship](https://fytgs.hkust.edu.hk/admissions/Admission-to-Hong-Kong-Campus/submitting-an-application/scholarships-and-fees#pgs)
- Outstanding Graduate
- Outstanding Graduation Thesis
- Outstanding Undergraduate in Terms of Academic Performance
- National Scholarship

#### Region of Interests

- Song: [Childhood Dreams](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kWy-ewDWixs)
- Game: [Total War: THREE KINGDOMS](https://store.steampowered.com/app/779340/Total_War_THREE_KINGDOMS/)
- Comics: [One Piece](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/One_Piece)
- TV Series: [The Advisors Alliance](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Advisors_Alliance)

#### Contact Prompts

- Mail: [sygao@connect.ust.hk](mailto:sygao@connect.ust.hk), [shenyuangao@gmail.com](mailto:shenyuangao@gmail.com)
- WeChat: [gsycm0517](https://gsy00517.github.io/about/index/Wechat.JPG)
- QQ: [917547962](https://gsy00517.github.io/about/index/QQ.JPG)
